Start writing running instructions (#267)
leolost2605/SBAid: README.md

- [PTV Vissim](https://www.ptvgroup.com/en/products/ptv-vissim)
- A Dummy Simulator using a JSON file with real world measurements

## Running from source

SBAid ist written in python using GTK with libadwaita as its UI toolkit. We highly recommend
taking a look at the [PyGObject](https://pygobject.gnome.org/) documentation before getting started.

### Windows

Please read the following instructions carefully and thoroughly before starting to follow
them.

To run SBAid you will need some dependencies. Most of them should be installed 
(or are only available) via [msys2](https://www.msys2.org/). For setting
up msys see the documentation on the linked page. Then install 
the following dependencies in the [ucrt](https://www.msys2.org/docs/environments/) version:

- gtk4
- python3
- gobject
- libadwaita
- libshumate
- python-pywin32
- python-pandas
- python-seaborn
- python-aiofiles
- python-aiosqlite
- python-jsonschema
- python-sortedcontainers

From now on, everything should be done using msys.
Most importantly, you should use the msys ucrt python
and not another python installation.

Then, you can clone SBAid preferably via the msys
git somewhere into your msys home folder.

> Now, navigate into your SBAid directory and setup a python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, navigate into your SBAid directory and set up a python
```
